Mr. Jack heard you were short on tuition money want to make a buck screw you
why not in here you do it with my tuition money I worked my ass off for
that what is he doing back here well it's good to see you too sis how long has
it been five years I'm gonna feed you back Amelia I promise mommy's got a
baby with no mom are you using again you look terrible the money's for me sis
don't call me that Trevor you destroyed this family by getting involved
with those criminals being your sister is the worst thing that's ever happened to
me okay I promise it's gonna be different this time okay Amelia I just need the
money as a deposit for a job this should clear things up the job for you to make
more money your new identity is Amy Clark an overachieving graduate who has
an interview at the career court tomorrow I'm gonna need you to do a few
more things which is I need you to seduce the CEO no a career are you serious
you want me to commit fraud I'm not doing that listen since the people I'm
involved with are dangerous threatening to kill mom you don't really want to be
responsible for your mother's death do you there's no easy way to say this you're
fired a CEO of career corporation effective immediately